Offline Coding problems / Solutions
Problem 1:
• Write a program to compute the checksum of a file
o Checksum of a file
§ input --> file name
§ output --> checksum of the file
o Assumption : input can be ASCII, or Binary file
o Candidate shall not use utility like cksum, inbuild library function , or thirdparty applications to
compute checksum (Donot use libraries or functions like hashlib / hash_md5etc in your solution)
Problem 2:
• Write a utility to email the test results
o Assumptions / Inputs
§ Test results are stored in "test-results" directory
§ test-result/<result-file> contains results of test cases (assume <result-file> is a csv format,
where the first entry is header row)
§ "test-results" directory can either be local or remote
§ list of email recipients would be given as input
o Output --> Utility shall extract the contents of the latest test run
§ compute pass / fail percentage
§ Form an email with test summary
§ Attach the test results (file) in email
Problem 3:
• Problem 3 (There are 3 sections to this problem (a), (b), (c) )
ASSUMPTION FOR ALL THE CASES:
1) The line comparisons are case-in-sensitive.
2) There are NO special characters in the file
(a) Write code to count the number of times a line occurs in a file. All the lines in the file end with a full stop,
and are of the same size(same number of words).
• OUTPUT:
o print out the line which is similar, and the number of times it occurs in the file.
(b) In addition, find lines where only the first word is the same/different.
o Example1:
§ “The lazy fox jumps high" AND “A lazy fox jumps high" .
o OUTPUT: Print the lines which satisfy this condition. In this case,
§ The lazy fox jumps high
§ A lazy fox jumps high
(c) Also, find lines which are off by 1. Output of your program should just be a file with all the Off by 1 lines
DEFINITION:Off by 1: Two lines are off by 1 when the two lines can be made identical by swapping two
adjacent words on one line. The words which need to be swapped can occur anywhere in the sentence.
Example1: "The lazy fox jumps high" AND "The fox lazy jumps high" are off by 1.
Example2: “The lazy fox jumps high" AND “high lazy fox jumps The" are NOT off by 1.
Important instruction to the candidate:
• Turn in the programming assignment in ".zip" or ".tar" format
• Can use any programming language of choice
• Each assignment should be in a separate sub directory
• Share commands of how to run the program
• Should take care of edge cases
• In-case code is written in a compliable language, have the candidate share the compilation step
• All the problems should be turned in
• Highly desirable to turn in the input file that you have used (Problem 3)
